@namkeeabalonepausg NAMKEE ABALONE PAU

Nam Kee Pau specializes in traditional handmade pau from the authentic traditional recipe of the famous Nam Kee Pau in Johor Bahru in Malaysia. Namkee Abalone Pau is the grand version of all steamed buns. Filled with one of the world’s most treasured; Abalone. The finest variant of Nam Kee Pau, the Namkee Abalone Pau is packed with goodness from both the sea and land. Flavorsome and juicy pork fillings combined with succulent whole braised Abalone, taste the ultimate pau Namkee has to offer! All the pau items are handmade in house. The traditional recipes are passed on from generation to generation. What you are experiencing from Namkee Pau is a recipe that is full of flavours from the past. You will definitely enjoy a “filling meal” in a nostalgic setting and at a reasonable price.

New Item: SIGNATURE NAMKEE ABALONE PAU

Juicy pork fillings paired with Nam Kee’s signature braised abalone and fluffy steamed buns, giving you the traditional burst of flavours loved by many throughout the years. SGD 68 for 10 pcs (10 Head Abalone Pau) Big ’10 Head’ & ‘Big’ Abalone : Limited Edition, Free Islandwide Delivery Min Order 10 pcs 
New Items : SIGNATURE NAMKEE ABALONE GLUTINOUS RICE

Second new signature, the “Namkee Abalone Glutinous Rice”. This is a new traditional mix added into Nam Kee’s newly launched abalone series. Fragrant, sweet sticky rice added with a prized “8 Head Abalone” and steamed succulent chicken, garnished with mushrooms to finish the overall dish. The Abalone Glutinous Rice is now available to indulge and enjoy!

SGD 70  for 10 pcs Abalone Glutinous Rice , Big ‘8 Head’ & ‘Big’ Abalone, Limited Edition, Free Islandwide Delivery for min. 10 pcs order

SECRETS: How To Reheat Namkee Abalone Pau

Re-Heating/Steaming Instructions, * Handmade freshly every morning. * Can be kept in freezer 1-2 weeks max, fridge 2-3 days max. * From freezer, steam for 15-20mins. From fridge, steam 10-12Mins.

You can now purchase Abalone Pau and Abalone Lor Mai Gai via http://namkeeabalonepaudelivery.com *pre-order one day in advance ** minimum order of 10pcs
