KINDER LEARNING BOX ­Ъљ╗
S.T.E.A.M Box - Theme IV: Adventures Under the Ocean
(For 4 - 6 year olds)

We received so much love for our first few S.T.E.A.M boxes and we are back with theme 4! It will also be 45 minutes of structured experiential learning for your little one! Specially planned and curated by Teacher Wynn from from De Kinder ClubРђЎs signature Kinder S.T.E.A.M class, this learning box includes a recommended activity plan that spans 45 minutes. All materials and resources are provided for in this box, so it will be hassle-free experiential learning for you and your child! РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ
Theme of this box is *Adventures Under the Ocean* ­ЪљЎ­Ъдђ­Ъдѕ­ЪљІ­Ъњд РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ
РађРађРађРађРађРађ
Take a dive with us into the deep ocean in our special submarine! Learn about the different classes of ocean animals, and gain exposure to science through experiments on density. Learn how certain objects float or sink - through hands-on construction and the various components of S.T.E.A.M (Science, Technology, Engineering, Art & Mathematics)! Expand your childРђЎs vocabulary and general knowledge, hone his/her fine motor skills, exposure to science experiments, and engage in art and craft activity! We will guide you through this box for optimal learning and bonding with your child Рюе

Some of the activities you'd get to do is building your own submarine (yay to water play), creating a submarine window craft to see the different ocean animals and a density experiment! How exciting & fun! ­ЪцЕ

U.P. $40 per box.
15% promotion now on, as we would like such learning to be offered to more little ones!
(Only $34!) РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађ **Option to add-on a storybook: Little Explorers, Goodnight Ocean at only $16!
Learn about the facts of the ocean animals through an interactive and colourful book, which it doubles as a great bedtime story too! РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ
Doorstep delivery: $5 РађРађРађРађРађРађРађ
No self-collection available due to the current circuit breaker measure. Рађ Рађ
РађРађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ
Purchase can be done via the link in our bio! ­ЪцЕ
