If you haven’t been getting enough sleep because of what’s happening, here are some helpful tips – and a reminder that this might actually be a good time to reset our body clocks.

1. CREATE A DAILY ROUTINE
Decide what time to set your alarm each morning and set a fixed bedtime seven to eight hours in advance. Don’t expect to fall into a rest state right away – give yourself an hour in bed to relax. As for weekends, it’s fine to stay up later and wake up later, but stick to a sleep window of seven to eight hours, no more or less.

2. EXERCISE EARLY IN THE DAY
Thirty minutes of daily exercise is important for cardiovascular health, but don’t exercise within three hours of going to bed. As for weekends, it’s fine to stay up later and wake up later, but stick to a sleep window of seven to eight hours, no more or less.

3. WORK NEAR A WINDOW
Expose yourself to as much daylight as possible throughout the day. It makes us recognise that it’s daytime, which which makes it easier for us to associate night with sleep, to regain our circadian rhythm.

4. CREATE A COMFORTABLE SLEEP ENVIRONMENT
Those of us living in full households may have recently converted our bedrooms into offices. Avoid working from bed, despite the temptation. Sit in a different chair, make sure the room is as bright as possible. 
5. DON’T RELY ON APPS
Some of these might be inaccurate and can actually increase your anxiety about sleep.

6. CALM YOUR BRAIN
Before bed, relax your mind by reading, listening to soothing music or meditating. Blue light from our mobile phones and laptops can keep us awake, so switch your devices off and consider charging them in a separate room overnight.

7. AVOID CAFFEINE AND ALCOHOL
Having no alcohol is best because even the smallest amount can disrupt your sleep patterns. Skip coffee and drink herbal tea instead, too.

8. KEEP YOUR EYES CLOSED
Most people wake up four hours after bed but fall asleep immediately. If you become anxious doing so, don’t look at the clock and just rest with your eyes shut. You’re actually going in and out of sleep. Light sleep way better than no sleep at all. Story courtesy of The Financial Times. #sleep #tips (Photo: Shutterstock)
