【Recipe 】Weeks into Circuit Breaker and school holidays. I am sure many parents are still finding ways (me included) to keep the kids busy at home (and away from the screen). Here’s a tip, how about setting up a picnic with yummy treats at the comfort of your home? 
I have just the recipe, to get everyone (not just the kids) in the family for some cooking fun. It is ridiculously easy with just 3 ingredients but utterly delicious, I promise. 
Buttery flaky puff pastry, encasing savoury ham and creamy cheese that literally melts in your mouth. Laughing Cow Cheese wedges now comes in a variety of flavours; Ham, Herbs, Emmental, Paprika, Light and of course Original. 
For this recipe I am using mixed Herb, Emmental and Paprika flavoured pack, but feel free to use whichever you prefer since they all tastes equally good. 
Use cookie cutters to make fun shaped puffs or simply just roll them up like an empanada which tastes just as yummy anyways. The kids will love this! Get them to cut, stuff and bake these yummy bites.

Catch me making this in my IGS and also sharing the steps below. #honeybeemakeshamcheesepuffs —————————————————
Ham and Cheese Puffs (makes 8-12, serves 4)

Creamy Ham & Cheese Puffs
2 Sheets Frozen Puff Pastry -Be sure to prep all the ingredients ready first before removing the frozen puff pastry sheets out from the freezer. They soften really fast and gets sticky. 
8-12 Laughing Cow Cheese Wedges 
8-12 thinly sliced honey baked ham 
egg wash - 1 egg yolk + 1 tbsp water
Sesame seeds (optional)

Cookie cutters (optional)

Method
1. First, remove foils from the cheese wedges and wrap them with the ham slices. 
2. Get puff pastry from freezer, cut out shapes and wrap the ham cheese inside. Seal any openings.
3. Preheat oven to 190C. Carefully place wrapped pastry on baking pan and brush with egg wash. Sprinkle with sesame seed if desired.
4. Bake in the oven for 8mins, then up temperature to 200C and bake for another 6-8 mins. Remove from oven once they are all puffed and golden brown. 
5. Enjoy them after cooling for 10 mins on the rack.
———————————————————
#circuitbreakersg #stayhomeforsg #laughingcowsg #laughingcowcheese #laugingcowcheesewedges
