🍊Orange & Honey or 🍓Berries & Honey Kombucha? Instructions to make your own below & in comments.

Because of the lockdown, I have less opportunities to go out but more to cook and bake at home (or order food). So I’ll be posting my recent homemade yummies. Kicking off the new series with a  #kombucha recipe. It took me a while to get confident, although it’s quite easy to make. You just have to be patient as the process takes a few weeks. 
1️⃣ First Fermentation (6-10 days)
7 cups boiled water 
1/2-1 cup white sugar 
1 tbsp loose leaf black tea or 4 tea bags black tea
1 cup of your store bought or previous batch kombucha
1 Scoby (per container) 
A large glass container or jar to keep
A cheese cloth & a rubberband

Boil water, add in sugar and tea, let it infuse and cool down to room temperature. With clean hands, gently remove your Scoby from the tea and place on a clean plate. You can rinse out the jar if you want (without soap), but I don’t necessarily do it. Same as last time, pour the sweetened tea into the jar and then kombucha. Gently place the Scoby into the jar, cover with cheese cloth and secure with a rubber band. Set again somewhere dark, and room temperature for 6-10 days. After 6 days, you can try out your kombucha and let it set for a extra few days if you like it to be more vinegary. Reserve 1-2 cups from this batch to use as starter kombucha for your next batch, just leave it in the jar with Scobys. Tips: use good tea, it makes the difference! 
2️⃣ Second Fermentation (3-7 days)
Homemade kombucha from the first fermentation
Any flavours and sweetener. I used frozen berries, oranges and honey!
Glass bottles (Got mine at @ikeasingapore)

Strain kombucha and funnel into bottles, leaving about 3-4 cm at the top. Some recipes suggests to add in juice of your choice, I prefer using fresh or frozen fruits. Like here I added finely diced fruits so that it fills up 1/4 or a bit less of the bottle, plus honey. Let your Kombucha ferment somewhere dark and room temperature for 3 to 10 days - the longer time, the more vinegary.
