This Circuit-Breaker, I walk. Why?

I walk for good health: mind and heart and legs. I walk to see the cats. The kind, the stupid, the cruel. I mean the cats, of course.

I walk because I don't like to run. I walk because I can take my time. So my skin can taste the sunlight, so my mouth can breathe a brighter air.

But most of all, I walk for strangeness. So my imagination can stretch its great gauzy wings awhile. I walk for the unexpected mythologies which lace and litter this riddled City.

The ghosts and the gods, the demons and the devas. The old kings and new lords, the sick shadows and the small saints; the gossamer threads of epics, just waiting to be picked up, and spun into... Something. I walk to weave.
.
I walk to see the Cranes, the great birds of the Silver City, patiently tending their young, slowly birthing their buildings.

I walk to see the alleyways, moss-walled and sparkling with small gods. Sometimes you even meet exiled aristocrats - like NOPAR, the consort and companion of KING OUT.

I walk to watch the Watchers, they of the Many-Eared, whose eyeballs spring forth from the ceilings. I watch them turning to each other, between words, between gazes. I wonder what they see.

I walk to see the mythologies. I walk to encounter, peering from a corner -- Hydra, many-headed, radiating pipelines, breathing weary gas.

I walk under the gaze of the Greater Malayan Cyclopes, whose singular visions we have harnessed, so they flare fierce-eyed in the night, so that "bright lights shine on the streets at night/guiding me/closer to home".
.
I walk to witness. To watch the performative poetries of the parking-lot, the sonnets scrawled upon the streets; to read the writings on the wall. Once, I came upon a sundered alphabet: its component letters smashed into fragments, a message in the medium, a song being unsung, a thread unravelled...
.
And so, I walk to be astonished by these other Singapores, still so full of strangeness and story, so ripe with other realities.

I walk because this City is still so lovely, dark and deep; and there are many miles to go before I sleep.
