📌You may want to save this post!

Adulting is definitely daunting. One of the most stressful aspects of being a full-fledged adult is getting on top of your finances. 💵Budgeting, paying your bills, and buying everything for yourself after receiving your first paycheck could really be overwhelming. Don’t make the most common rookie mistakes when it comes to managing money. Swipe left to see some financial tips perfect for fresh grads!

1. Curb impulsive buying

Don’t let your emotions get the best of you when you make your purchases, especially those really big ones like your first car or your first apartment. Do you really need a car in Singapore?🤔 Think hard and think long-term.

2. Create your budget

Once you have a general idea of how much you will be making and how much you need to spend in a month for non-negotiables (bills, rent, etc.), you can now create your budget. What’s more important than creating that budget is actually following that budget. Make sure you live within your means because the peace of mind that that’ll bring is priceless.

3. Save money and build an emergency fund

Unexpected expenses happen. May it be for medical emergencies, major car fixes, home repairs, or worse, unemployment; an emergency fund is vital. Having a financial safety net to cover you for at least six months is something your future self will thank you for.

4. Start Investing 🌱Grow your hard-earned money by investing. If you are not investing your money, your savings are losing to inflation. Investing may be riskier than stashing your money in the bank, but the payoff is also greater. Remember, the bigger the risk, the greater the reward. Just make sure you are doing your research and investing smartly.

5. Set Financial Goals🎯

Once you’ve laid out your financial plans, may it be to save for early retirement, to start a business, or to buy a home, you can also plot tangible steps to achieve those goals.

What financial advice did you find particularly helpful? 📲DM me if you're a fresh grad and you need guidance on managing your finances. I'm here to offer you guidance that you'll need to manage your finances better. And I promise you, no strings attached!
