Today we try our hand at Boba , those delicious tapioca bubble tea pearls , while we are surprised by how easy they are ,it is time consuming to do, so free up some time in your calendar for this recipe

For full step by step recipe with photos👆click link in profile above https://linkinprofile.com/thechefwholifts 👆

Boba aka “the pearls“
50gm coconut sugar
70ml water
110gm tapioca starch

The syrup
250ml water
120gm coconut sugar

Method
Heat the water in a saucepan and add the sugar, stirring until the sugar is completely dissolved. Add in the tapioca starch and stir  Turn off the heat and remove to a cool work surface.
knead dough for 2 minutes until smooth, elastic and ease to work.
Roll your dough out into a log  then ,using a knife of pastry scraper , divide your rolled out log into 4 roughly equal pieces.

Using the palms of both your hands in a rocking motion . roll the dough backwards and forwards , moving out from the center as you work to form 4 long stands of the dough. 
Dust your strands with a little of the tapioca flour and working strand by strand cut into small pieces. 
be mindful of the sizing here the pearls will swell a bit while cooking so smaller is better

Roll the pieces in your hands to form a ball , dip you finger in some water and add a drop to the ball and continue to form. If there is too much tapioca flour on the segments they won’t roll properly so the drop of water helps to create some surface tension allowing you to form the balls easier.

Bring a pot of water to the roiling boil ,reduce to a simmer, add you pearls and stir a few times to help prevent them from sticking together. Cook for 18 minutes

Remove the pearls with a slotted spoon and drop into some ice water

for the syrup ,add the water and coconut sugar to a saucepan and bring to the boil. Reduce to a simmer and place the drained boboa pearls into the syrup ,cooking for 25 minutes

After 25 minutes the Boba aka “the pearls” will be coated in a Thin treacle like syrup and tender yet slightly chewy in the centre

#bubbletea #tapioca #coconut #boba #bobatea #homemade #artisan #easyrecipes #takestime #deliciousness #milktea #circuitbreakersg #makeyourown #handcrafted
