The ORIGINAL real fan inside, white noise, sound machine will help you get deep, natural sleep. Our founder invented the Dohm Classic out of his garage by poking holes in a medal dog bowl and placing a fan inside – all to help his wife who suffered from insomnia. For the past 50+ years, we’ve sold millions of our Dohm sound machines bringing the simple joy of natural fan-based sound worldwide. We our unmatched expertise into providing the best sleep sound experience and highest quality white noise available. If you love sleeping with a fan on to fall asleep, our fan-based white noise solution is perfect for you. The Dohm Classic creates the soothing ambient sounds of rushing air, without waking you up with wind or temperature changes. Our natural sound machines mask sleep disturbing noises and replicate the constant “whirring” of an air conditioner or fan in a convenient, portable unit. This simple yet effective invention is easy to use and lacks the irritating looping effects of digital sound machines. All of our Dohm Classic sound machines have been hand-assembled with love in the USA since 1962.

Natural Sleep Aid
White noise is the 100% natural solution for getting the high-quality sleep you deserve, night after night. Enjoy a night of deep sleep without grogginess, drowsiness, or other nasty side-effects that occur from sleeping pills. The steady sound of white noise helps you get to sleep faster and stay asleep longer. Harness the power of sound to create a sleep-centered environment.

Soothes Fussy Infants
The Dohm Classic has been a baby-registry favorite for generations. Parents know that baby sleep is healthy for the whole family – but can be unpredictable. The constant hum of white noise creates the optimal sleep environment for your baby or toddler’s nursery. The baby soother helps gets your infant, toddler and children to sleep.

Blocks Outside Disruptions
Gently blocks disruptive sounds of the outside world in your home, office, hotel room, or vacation home.

#tinnitus #loudnoise #noisyneighbors #insomnia #whitenoise #marpac #sghdb #singaporemen #singaporewomen #wfh #sgcb #circuitbreakersg
