Lau Wang Claypot Delights 老王砂煲小厨 has been serving claypot dishes since 1985
Homely Claypot Food : Claypot Sesame Chicken , Frog Leg Herbal Soup, Ginger and Spring Onion Pig Organs , Gong Bao Frog Legs , and Spicy Pig Trotters etc.

The Sesame Oil Chicken was the highly recommended dish .The claypot came piping hot, the salty gooey sauce bubbling with a faint fragrance of sesame oil.
Use the sauce to top with the rice, and the chicken thigh meat tender and succulent. Best thing no bones. 
I would also recommend the Claypot Spicy Sambal Seafood. You get generous portions of fish slice, sotong, prawns and ladies’ finger drenched in sauce

Slice Fish Herbal Soup which is refreshing after a few heavy dishes. The soup came with many slices of fish , felt very light and not overly intense. Another must try is the Ngoh Hiang , crispy on the outside and soft juicy on the inside. Try the Dry Liver and Kidney also.

Every dish is unique; from the way it is prepared, through cooking process, to the time it is served, up to the moment each meal is consumed
Prepared in the kitchen with secret marinating procedures, each dish is then cooked upon order taken. Using only the best “Chee Seng” sesame oil, coupled with minced garlic together with our fragrant pre-fried oil containing a mix of ingredients, the main ingredient of choice is then stir fried on the spot.
For the herbal soup dishes, a mix of 6 key herbal ingredients are boiled together with pre boiled soup base is then used to cook your ingredient of choice (frog leg, chicken and fish).
Originally Served exclusively in individual Claypots (Cast iron / Clay), each dish is presented to you piping hot. The fragrance of the dishes as they are being served is so overwhelming, it makes you want to pick up your chopsticks to dig in. Even if you bring this home, you can still feel the dishes is piping hot 
Lau Wang Claypot Delights 老王砂煲小厨
Order online for pick up at their branches
http://lauwangclaypot.com.sg

Serangoon
263 Serangoon Central Drive #01-43
Singapore 550263
Punggol
681 Punggol Drive
#01-15
Singapore 820681
Tampines
10 Tampines Central 1
#03-16
Singapore 529536 #stayhomesg #sgcircuitbreaker #sgunited  #foodie
