T R E A T
In half an hour, at 3pm sharp to be precise, @allium.sg will once again be open to receive orders for their NEW menu, one that is inspired by Chef-owner @dillon_ngze’s love for #TeochewPorridge. 
At first glance, the food appears humble but don’t be deceived, because each dish is prepared with @allium.sg’s special touch. 
For instance, in their flavourful Braised Duck, they use a Malaysian breed that is all-natural and antibiotic-free. It is prepared in a spiced “dangui” broth that‘s delicately sweet, herbal and savoury. In the “lor” (dark braising sauce) are pieces of “tau kwa” and “tau pok” steeped for maximum flavour too.
Allium’s version of the “Chai Por Neng” (egg with preserved radish) is also rather unique. Besides crunchy bits of “chai por”, they add finely-diced carrot and garlic chives to the omelette roll. The egg itself is also fragrant as it is cooked with sweet rice wine and roasted squid stock.  What’s surprising is how runny-soft the omelette is on the inside - it practically melts in the mouth!
The Fried Mackerel & Cod Fishcakes are not springy because they do not contain binders. So it’s basically pure fish in every bite. As lovely as they are on their own, I find them irresistible dipped in the bright punch of the vinegary green sambal concocted from green chillis, kaffir lime and roasted scallions.
Which by the way, happens to go very with the Braised Canadian Pork Belly, redolent in a galangal and sake broth. The ratio of fat to lean in the meat is also spot-on.
Another praiseworthy dish, the Grilled Kingfish Collar has flesh that’s fresh and soft, and the collagen with shaoxing sauce poured over it is a very tasty complement.
Well-prepared greens are always welcome. For the new menu, @allium.sg stirfries @susteniragriculture’s kale and “nai bai” with sea salt and toasted sesame over high heat for a whiff of “wok hei”.
The other vegetable item is a Cabbage in Leek and Solefish Stew, an inspired take on a dish Chef @dillon_ngze’s grandmother use to cook for him. Such umami sweetness and depth it has.
Anchoring all of the above is a comforting bowl of porridge with small cubes of soft sweet potato. 
Continued below in Comments...
