#DearCovid19SG
As we are exiting the Circuit Breaker soon, I sit back and ponder over this period of time.  No I did not learn to Bake, did not take up a new skill, did not take up any courses etc, but what I did realise was the Importance of ME TIME...something that I have neglected if not for the CB or Co-vid 19.

Also the fact that I just got my Heart broken by a Self proclaimed Womanizer/Jerk Mr M H, I get the Time and chance to sit back and realise Im Worth so much more than what Ive put myself out to be...that I don't Deserve to be treated this way or trampled upon by a Beast of a man this way.  This CB has given me TIME....to HEAL, to get back my Self Worth... Not to mention I've dug up stuff that Ive just chucked aside like my Creative Colouring Book for adults and coloured my time away.  It is so therapeutic, all those colours.
Also my meals have been ordered mostly via Deliveroo.  I also learn to appreciate the guys that have been painstakingly delivering food to me Rain or Shine.  Kudos to them for their hard work "thanks"to Co-vid 19.  Co-vid 19 you have also given me the chance during this period to read the Holy Bible which I have let "Cobwebs form on it"....finally get the opportunity to read God's Word and obtain SOLACE from this.... Last but Not Least, this is 1 of the longest period I go without Colouring my Hair...Me who is v "Famous" for my SIGNATURE RED HAIR....now it has turned COPPER and Black.  NO hair colouring service is allowed during this CB period...
Co- vid 19 you have let me in a way appreciate my Original Roots - BLACK hair, though I can't deny Im longing to go to the salon to get it coloured RED asap!

So Co-vid 19 and CB, though you have caused all of us lots of anxiety and pain...im glad during this period the Gift of Time...to get back and realise my SELF WORTH and a chance to get closer to God through reading His word - the Bible...in short to do the things which Ive long neglected... @nycsg
@dstnctsg

#stayhomesg
#pandemic
#Metime
#Selfworth
