The Review:

Shipping & Delivery: Bought this off their eBay site just over a month ago on 19 April, received it today, 21 May. All things considered, that's not too bad a wait. (It's been about 60+ days and the stuff I ordered from China is still "in transit".) Packaging: Bubble wrapped envelope. Parts in individual plastic bags. Items were in good condition.

Instructions: Not quite clear, not very accurate at times. But it's a simple thing to figure out on your own, no issues.

Installation: Fiddly. You'll need some finesse to mount the body onto the shifter base, because the screw holes don't line up properly. Not very precise in dimensions, a lot of excess plastic fibres that need to be trimmed away, due to inherent 3D printing characteristics.

User experience: Feels good! Finally, what a sim shifter should feel like, a notchy, positive shift feel. However, do note that this is in combination with a $5 bootleg "Mugen" shift knob, which is significantly lighter than the real thing, but sufficiently heavier than the stock G29 knob.

General overview: Feels good, but unfortunately, not a product that inspires confidence.

I've used 3DRap products before. One was this (discontinued?) shifter plate that you'd insert inside the shifter base itself, to increase resistance of the shift. It wrecked my shifter the first time I used it. 3DRap said it was probably because that batch had plates that were "too thick", and promptly sent me a replacement. But once bitten, twice shy man. Never used it again.

Then I tried their H-shifter mod (V2). It was okay, frankly didn't feel much of a difference, even with the lightweight stock knob. Now at this point, I have to say I am not a hardcore simmer, just an occasional one. So it came as a surprise to me that when I opened up the shifter boot, the shifter mod frame was broken, and there were a lot of plastic shavings inside the shifter base. This, in spite of greasing as per instructions.

That's why when I tried the shifter just now, the good feeling was immediately followed by a shadow of doubt - How long is this going to last? [TBC...]
