@senssingapore Located at the basement of Raffles Holland V, SENS is a Japanese restaurant that is part of the modern retail and dining concept of Taste, a gourmet supermarket. 
A good gauge of most Japanese restaurants would be the freshness of its sashimi offerings. SENS' sashimi is air-flown from Japan. We recently tried a few of their signature items like the 
Unagi Chahan (Unagi fried rice), Kurobuta Rosu Katsu (Breaded pork loin with shredded cabbage), Chirashi Don (Assorted sashimi on sushi rice), Aburi Salmon Maki and Assorted Sushi Platter
The Maki wrapped with aburi salmon, topped with tobiko, mentaiko . The maki are made up of quality ingredients that are bound to be crowd-pleasers. The copious amount of tobiko on every maki renders the existence of soy sauce unnecessary. The Salmon Mentai Aburi Maki features a good mix of flavors and textures in one mouthful.
Kurobuta Rosu Katsu price is surprisingly reasonable considering that the deep-fried breaded pork loin is of a premium black pig cut and portion is generous. The pork was the most juicy piece that I had, it was  very enjoyable with that coat of golden-brown crispiness.
Unagi Chahan (Unagi fried rice), I can never resist this tasty and fragrant combination.
Chirashi Don (Assorted sashimi on sushi rice), is another of my favorite , fresh cut ingredients authentic taste.
Last but not least is the must try sushi platter, we gotten amazing selection, with Uni, Scallop, Salmon belly etc.
Overall food at SENS is amazingly good and what is even better they are offering 20% discount.
 Back by popular demand!
SENS is extending their 20% discount on all island-wide delivery orders from now till end of May 2020!
Expect to see new items every Tuesday and Friday - the freshest imports direct from Japan!
Island wide Delivery: https://senssushiandgrill.oddle.me/en_SG/
Take 20% off all orders with promo code SENS20
Island-wide delivery at flat fee of only $5
SENS is located at 118 Holland Ave, #B1-12/13 Raffles Holland V Mall, Singapore 278997 (Tel: 6262 5618)
https://sens-sushi.com/
