T R E A T
Thanks to @poovanparadiso from the FOC Group, an awe-inspiring spread was delivered to my family and I last Saturday. Comprising of an assortment from the FOC Group’s central kitchen (it materialised to tackle takeaways during this Circuit Breaker), we got to indulge in the best of @foc_restaurant, @foc_sentosa and @foc_pimpam, collectively named as their “Mediterranean Brunch”.
Many of my must-haves whenever I dine at #FOCrestaurant formed part of this meal, for eg. the Black Squid Ink #Paella which happened to travel very well and tasted good even when not piping hot. Do slather it with their housemade aioli for extra oomph. Also proving satisfying were the #tapas of soft Beef Meatballs in a slightly spicy, tangy tomato sauce, Mushroom Croquettas (these benefited from a short spell in the oven) and Tomato Bread (the elements were packed separately to ensure the bread remained crunchy till we were ready to eat). The two mains of Pan-seared Catch-Of-The-Day and Roasted French Chicken with “Panadera” Potatoes were flawlessly executed. We enjoyed the former for its freshness and “Salsa Verde”, and the latter for its vibrant herb-rich marinade and juiciness. I thought they both went rather well with the Roasted Cauliflower. 
The fact that FOC does #pizzas was something new to me. Hearty in design, theirs featured a thick crust topped with “Ratatouille”, Pork Sausages and Brie Cheese, qualifying it as a meal in itself. 
On top of all that food, we also received a Seafood Platter - a tray laden with fresh king crab legs, large prawns, a lobster salad and dips. Alongside it, a serving of grilled carabineros that were shocking in their size and sweetness.
Dessert was a mini feast of crunchy cinnamon-and-sugar coated #Churros with 3 kinds of dipping sauce (dark chocolate, caramel and tiramisu cream) and a duo of utterly divine FOC Swiss Roll Cakes. Don’t ask me if the caramelised egg yolk and vanilla sponge filled with cream, or the black chocolate ganache with mirror glaze was better because I was torn between them.

Continued below in Comments...
