3 new colours

Ready stock
5 colours

Are cloth face mask encouraged to be used ?
If there are no N95 or surgical mask, cloth face mask is the next best thing. But given the world mask shortage is at a critical stage, our main goal is to free up stocks of N95 and surgical masks for the frontliners. CDC recommends community use of cloth masks as an additional public health measure people can take to prevent the spread of virus to those around them. The European Centre for Desease Prevention and Control recommends it in the event N95 and surgical masks are not available.The White House urges Americans to wear cloth masks or face coverings in public to help prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus.

Can we slow the spread and flatten the curve of covid 19 by wearing a mask ?
A review of 67 studies published in 2011 found that the combination of wearing masks along with vigilant hand-washing and the isolation of sick people are effective measures against the spread of respiratory viruses

How do you wash the cloth face mask ?
The World Health Organisation (WHO) recommends cloth masks be brought to a temperature of at least 133 degrees Fahrenheit to kill the coronavirus. As always, a soapy scrub is recommended, and tumble-drying on high heat, which can reach temperatures between 135 to 150 degrees Fahrenheit (57 – 66 degrees Celsius), will help.

How often do you wash the cloth face mask?
As soon as you are back home. Do not repeatedly wear it without washing it first as virus can remain on the surface for a few hours to a few days. Have additional clean cloth face mask in case you have to go out more frequently that you intended.

How is moisture control of the mask ?
The InnerSejuk cloth face mask has good moisture management, or defined as the ability of a fabric/garment to manage the moisture by transporting moisture away from the skin to the garment’s outer surface, thus preventing moisture from remaining next to the skin.

#makbesarsg
#laloolalang
#celebfest
#abaya
#muslimah
#muslimahsg
#hijabersmask
#makeuptutorial
#modesty
#hijabstyle
#hijablook
#hijabmodesty
#hijabinspiration
#muslimah
#islam
#modesty
#stayhome
#sgcircuitbreaker
#circuitbreaker
