These ribs were a first attempt at the @seriouseats oven BBQ ribs recipe, which I would wholeheartedly recommend. I was quite pleased with how they worked out - not fall off the bone (which is a bit too braised for my liking) but with a very pleasant, tender meaty texture. Try to minimise the non-bone parts of the rib (the leftmost part on the top rib in my first photo), which I found to get unpleasantly dry in texture. 
I did vary the proportions and ingredients of the recipe so any errors are my own. Please note that this almost HALVES the salt amount in the rub, which led to a sweeter rub that I preferred. 
For the spice rub I used approximately: 60g smoked paprika, 50g brown sugar, 25g coarse salt, 10g garlic powder, 5g onion powder and about 5g each of dried oregano, ground coriander seed, cumin, red pepper flakes and black pepper. More or less. 
Remove the rib membrane. Rub ribs with the spice rub, reserving about 5 tbsp of the rub, and bake at 120C for 2.5 hrs in foil, then remove from foil, put more rub, and do 1 more hour or so without foil at the same temp. Finish with the last of the rub and broil / grill at high heat to darken. I would have preferred more time in the foil, so perhaps consider 3 hours. 
I also made the sauce in the recipe, which is 3 tbsp spice rub, 1 grated onion, 1.5 cups ketchup, 2 tbsp mustard (I used more because Dijon), 0.3 cups molasses, 0.25 cups each of worcestershire sauce and apple cider vinegar. Dump it all into a saucepan and simmer until thickened. 
You have the option to use the sauce at the broiling stage, but I preferred the ribs done with only spice rub and not the sauce as the crust came out better that way. The sauce worked well for dipping at the table and works for a large number of other meat dishes. It's a lot more complex and less cloyingly sweet than store bought BBQ sauce, but at the end of the day it is still BBQ sauce and a little bit goes a very long way. 
#sgfooddiary #circuitbreakersg #sghomecooking #homecooking #sgfood #seriouseats
