#MadAboutSingapore2020c is a call for pictures taken from 23rd January 2020 - that's when the first case in Singapore was confirmed. “C” is an indication of the challenging time of COVID-19 - it is not life as usual. We now recognise that we are living through a major global crisis, which will be remembered for generations to come.

As visual storytellers, it is our responsibility to use our passions to document this period as best as we can, that future generations might see and learn – and be inspired by the passion and courage of people who lived through this time.

We are requesting you to tag any pictures related to this with #MadAboutSingapore2020c - this can be pictures that show the impacts, the changes around SG because of COVID-19, and perhaps encouraging images of how we strive and make it possible to cope with this hard time, and support each other in moving forward.

At the moment, we don't know yet whether we are going to have a Mad About Singapore 2020 exhibition like how we did in the past few years. However, even without the plan for exhibition, we hope you don't mind sharing with us your shots, as we would like to compile them and prepare for the chance of exhibition when it arrives. Together with us, the team behind @Singapore is also appreciative of your creative effort to document this. We will browse this hashtag, and once in a while we might select some pictures to be featured, either on @instasg or @Singapore.

Beside the features, we also have a few very nice portable LED lights given to us as gifts, from a long-term supportive partner that decided to stay low profile for now :) We will select one of the best pictures at the end of this month, and we will pass the LED light as a gift.

We look forward to your shots on #MadAboutSingapore2020c! Please remember to stay at home, do not purposely go out to shoot this, and feel free to browse your past posts from 23rd January onward to see if there is anything you can tag, or dig your hard disk again to see perhaps there is something you haven't posted yet. Let's do this together, let's Instagram Singapore! (photo: @photographyholic)

#SGunited #StayHomeSG #SingaporeTogether
