T R E A T
With their expanded Takeaway Menu, @Bedrocksg should be right at the top of your list if you’ve got bloodlust for steaks and crustaceans. The @refineryconceptssg team was very kind to arrange delivery of Bedrock’s latest “Tomahawk & Wine” Set Menu ($288+) plus a host of other dishes to my home for dinner last evening. 
We began with one of the most memorable things about dining at the restaurant, their housemade soft, puffy Flatbread served at the start of every meal. Even at room temperature, its texture stayed the same, and it tasted so good with the soft butter and cloves of mashed up roasted garlic. I also enjoyed it dunked in the Smoked Tomato Soup, a must-have. Which by the way, tasted amazing with the accompanying creamy herb paste stirred in.
The #Tomahawk #Steak of the aforementioned Set Menu was a show-stopper in more ways than one. As many oohs and aahs as the giant long-bone ribeye triggered on sight, it was the immense butteriness of the applewood-grilled-to-perfection grain-fed beef that blew our minds. Besides the four kinds of sauces and a bottle of wine (I received the Voyager Estate Shiraz 2016) in the Set, I got to choose two sides as well. The famous-for-a-good-reason Bedrock Mac n’ Cheese and the Creamed Spinach with its soft-cooked egg were my picks and they were superb. Highly recommended both.
There was no way I’d skip the NEW “Spicy Lobster Linguine” once I spotted it on the menu. This had plenty of pieces of sweet lobster meat, a low-humming spiciness and plenty of depth in terms of flavour. I suspect it is from using the same base as the Smoked Tomato Soup. 
The other meat I picked to try from the a la carte section was the “Iberico Pork Ribeye” which turned out to be tender and pretty juicy. Extra sides were naturally warranted, so that’s how the Char-grilled Baby Gem Lettuce (it came lavished with bacon, heirloom tomatoes and parmesan), Truffle Fries, Steamed Asparagus (so succulent these were) and an unbelievably addictive Beef Drippings Garlic Rice came to be part of the spread.

Orders can be made by calling 9773 9194 or tapping on the link in @bedrocksg’s bio.

Continued in Comments below...
