ART IS A NON-ESSENTIAL BUSINESS 
Not until today, one never thought that a hug could be so luxurious. One never thought that the distance between people is limited to one meter.  Who would have known mask can become a fashion item and a wardrobe staple! Covid-19 quickly became one of the most talked-about things on the internet, that lead to a spike in trendy keyword used on the social media, such as lockdown, social distancing, #stayhome, toilet paper and many more. 
In this exhibition, the artists weaved their thoughts, their beliefs and their skills to interact with the current, normal, norms, now. Artists are known to be most resilience when conditions were their worst adversaries, and artists are also at their best when working in new environments and unchartered territories. As Leon Trosky said it, “Art is not a mirror to hold up to society, but a hammer with which to shape it.” Art, as per se, knows no borders; so is Covid-19. The artworks in this exhibition are not just challenging the relevance of the current, normal, norms, now, but to transcend beyond the limits of what are essentials and non-essentials, judging the good and evil, the divides between rich and poor, and the making of heroes and the villains. This exhibition will hopefully resonance the effects of this pandemic and moving forward, new, unexpected benefits and opportunities will appear in the 
horizons. 
ART IS A NON-ESSENTIAL BUSINESS
Curated by Terry Lee
Virtual Reality Gallery Exhibition & Exhibition in Gallery
July 2020 (artwork image - Komkrit Tepthian)
Participating Artists:-
1. David Chan, Singapore
2. Justin Lee
3. Kenny Low
4. Liu Xuanqi, Leo
5. PHUNK
6. Yeo Tze Yang
7. Umi Baizurah Mahir Ismail, Malaysia
8. Ahmad Shukri Mohamed
9. Gatot Indrajati, Indonesia
10. Nano Warsono
11. Komkrit Tepthian, Thailand
12. Patipat Chaiwitesh
13. Min Zaw, Myanmar
14. Muu Muu
15. He Jian, China
16. Shi Mohan
17. Choi Xooang, South Korea
18. Yim Taekyu
19. Keiji Ito, Japan
20. dbstr 
#artgallery  #artcollecting #contemporaryart  #fineart  #artcollector  #artlovers #instaart  #artmuseum  #sgart #pinterest  #artseasonsgallery #seacontemporary  #asiacontemporaryart #stayhome #stayhomesg
