Day 2 of Mother's Day weekend. Having some Mexican fare from the Muslim owned Eatery that began their adventure at Clementi 321 Cinema Mall before moving out earlier in 2019. I did ate once over there but they didn't have IG back then. They are back with their own central kitchen with online ordering & delivery. 
What we had from left to right, from human point of view.

1) JSW Burger, it's the 1st thing i ate at their 321 outlet & trying it out again. Seems to be the same as before. Let's have a bite before making judgement. The crunchy bits in between patty & bun was still there. This time they have tortilla chips instead of fries. At least the patty made an improvement, was quite close to well done. There is also Chicken patty as an option too.

2) Supremo Burrito, upsized version $12.90. Chicken & Beef. This is very filling so we cut it up to share among the mums. Very generous amount of ingredients within & around 3 times the size of a normal popiah(springroll). Best to eat it with the Chili Con Carne, just dip it in or spread some on top. Or alternatively dip it with the Salsa which has a sour base that makes it delectable.

3) Black Bean Taco. I was actually expecting some Taco Shell with this but it's covered in Tortilla Chips instead. A good spread of mixed cheese & black beans with lettuce, once more good to go with either the Salsa sauce or Chili Carne.

4) Salsa & Chips. Tortilla Chips that's similar to the ones i had at SuperSub.
Good with the Salsa & Sour Cream. 
We couldn't finish it as there was too many Chip all around. So we saved it for the coming days while we watch TV.

5) Chili Con Carne. Very very spicy. If ya like hot & spicy, this is for you. The Sour Cream in the middle did little to tame the fiery of the hot sauce but it's pretty good on the Chips & Burrito or if ya adventerous enough, spread it between the Burger for some kick.

This meal is typically catered for my mum-in-law as she likes mexican food. Free delivery w/$50 order & FREE 4pc WINGS.

#bonappetit
