My attempt at hacking the kids’ play kitchen to install a functional water dispenser.

Things you’ll need: - glue gun
- water bottle with cover
- syringe
- blue rack (optional)
- two tubes

My first prototype was done using plastic straws with a wider width than these tubes but it resulted in less water output per pump.  The straws were not flexible and could not withstand the kids’ rough handling.  In this video, I used medical grade sterile feeding tubes which can be easily bought from the pharmacy.  Also, remember to only glue/stick the bottle cover to the kitchen board and not to fasten the bottle because you will need to remove it in order to refill the water.

It was fun while it lasted and when the syringe became loose, the kids found a new way to make it work.  They plucked out the syringe stopper and blow air into the syringe instead and surprisingly it worked better. In the next week, I’m going to swap to a 50ml syringe instead of the 10ml that is currently installed in the video. That should allow more water to be dispensed out per pump.

I’ve seen some simpler ones by placing a mason jar and also another youtubber who bought an automated pump which connects to a gallon of water and placed the pump above the kitchen sink so it functions as a tap. There are various methods and although mine is a new idea, I’m pretty sure there are many other ways out there so have lots of fun embarking on this project and let me know if you manage to find a more effective way to hack this for our water dispenser.

With this, I’m going to end this post by reminding everyone out there about the lengths parents can go to create a conducive environment for their kids to grow and thrive.  We all try our very best and keep going as this #covid19 #circuitbreakersg will pass soon and the rainbow always comes after a storm.

Happy Mother’s Day to all mothers out there!

#singaporeanhousewife #montessori #montessoriathome #montessorikitchen #kitchenhacks #cbchallenge #stayhomesg #destresswithprojects #diykitchen #childrenskitchenset #playkitchenforkids #sgig 
#diyprojects 
#sgparents #montessorisg
