Your insecurities and fear of public reaction are not mutually exclusive.

You are afraid of how others will react because you are not confident in your roots. And that’s perfectly normal, not many of us are.

#2yearsin20minutes was a decision I made to step out of my comfort zone to share my experiences. I was afraid of my followers judging my personal life and the things I went through. No one in the right mind will want to put themselves in such a vulnerable position, opening up their private lives to the public eyes.

In the 10 days that you’ve followed through this series, I struggled internally, doubting my decision, criticising my own content.

What if the content is bad? What if I get judged by people? What if people don’t even want to read my story? It was evident that I anticipated the judgements, that I feared the rejections. But yet I chose to continue, I chose to do it, because I wanted to see the series to completion, I wanted to see #2yearsin20minutes touching lives, inspiring people, connecting others.

What really empowered me to commit myself to this was the idea that someone out there could be struggling the same way I did, that I could possibly impact their lives by sharing my experiences.

This feeling of knowing that I could potentially empower someone else gave me this very courage to share my story. What’s the worst that could happen? I get judged, possibly lose a few friends here and there, but at least I've made a stand. Even then, this is the best opportunity for me to strengthen my spirit and overcome my fear of rejections. What I can even take away will be a springboard to enter the next phase of my life. What do I really stand to lose? Nothing.

As #2yearsin20minutes draws to a close, here’s a food for thought - if there is one thing you want to accomplish, how long will you continue to sit on this idea? Is there anything that is holding you back?

If you are thinking of the worst that can happen, take a look at this series one more time. How has embarking on #2yearsin20minutes made me who I am today?
