SANTHANARAM JAYARAM (Laughter Coach and Corporate Trainer) joins us on Ep 21 of IN YOUR HOUSE!

#IYH is a new project by SportSG, created specially for this period when Singaporeans are staying at home due to Covid-19. It's a series of segments showcasing Singaporeans from all walks of life, both in and outside of the country, as they cope with work-from-home orders. In this Skype/Zoom interview based show, we'll discuss each guest's exercise routines, family, the various types of food to stay healthy, leisure activities, plus positive reinforcement messages.

In Pt 2 of Ep 21 on Fri 29 May, be sure to catch, SportSG's very own RAJ KUMAR, as he catches up with RAM (Freelance Emcee and a Stand-up Comedian since 2012)

Ram has spent years in fine-tuning his craft and showcasing the results to his students. trainees and clients. As 1 of the leading Corporate trainers/speakers in Singapore, his schedule during the CB period, has been non-stop with multiple Zoom-based classes throughout the entire week! Working with the likes of NTUC Learning Hub or E2I, Ram has been able to extend his brand of teachings, values and course lessons. And these details are derived not only from textbooks, but based from his own life lessons and experiences. 
He was a former fulltime technician with the Republic of Singapore Navy,  a Model, an Actor, a Financial Consultant, Event Host plus the role of a LAUGHTER Coach as well. And Ram explains in this webchat, the benefits of laughing on a daily basis, from a mental and physical point-of-view.

44 year old Ram also talks about his parents, whom he's currently staying with and the time being together, 24/7 for almost 8 weeks solid. Liverpool FC has been his childhood EPL football club and he shares his thoughts on the current squad, plus what is takes to truly be a Stand-up Comedian in Singapore!

So all that and more are revealed from 415pm onwards on Get Active TV Facebook Page!

#SGUnited #GetActiveTV #GetActiveSG #GetActiveStayStrong #StayHomeForSG #WeAreAllSingaporeans @santhanaram
