@pastaeformaggio  caters to your Italian food cravings. They are a passionate restaurant in Singapore’s city centre that specializes in Italian cuisine, creating delicious and authentic dishes. They are dedicated to using high-quality ingredients, sourcing both local produce and only the best from Italy. Savour hand-stretched thin crust pizza, flavorsome seafood risotto, and creamy, rich pasta. We tried their signature items:

1-Spaghetti Marinara- Marinara sauce is a tomato sauce usually made with tomatoes, garlic, herbs, and onions. Here the sauce is really what make this spaghetti so delicious, cooked with seafood like squid, prawn, scallop etc.

2-Aglio Olio with Prawn-Comes with 5 large prawn grilled to perfection. The aglio e olio is a traditional Italian pasta dish from Naples. The dish is made by lightly sauteeing sliced, minced, or pressed garlic in olive oil, sometimes with the addition of dried red chili flakes, and tossing with spaghetti.

3-Tortellini with Truffle Sauce and Mushrooms- Tortellini are ring-shaped pasta originally from the Italian region of Emilia. They are sometimes also described as "navel shaped", hence their alternative name of "belly button", and bear a strong resemblance to a large wonton. Here in this dish the tortellini are buried in sea of mushrooms with truffle sauce.

4-Crabmeat Risotto- The northern Italian rice dish Risotto is a cooked with broth until it reaches a creamy consistency.It is one of the most common ways of cooking rice in Italy. In this dish generous crab meat is cooked with the rice resulting in a thick, rich texture.

5-Meat Lovers Pizza-thin crispy crust pizza with lots of meat and cheese, this one is a hot favorite. Its delicious yet not heavy.

The menu is at affordable prices. They will remain open on 2 of the following Public Holidays in May 2020 (7th, 23rd May 2020). Delivery and ordering is only from Oxley Tower (138 Robinson Road) branch. They've revised and lowered delivery & minimum order prices! Whatsapp @ 81145984 now!

For Islandwide delivery:- minimum order of $30, $8 delivery fee.- orders above $60: no delivery fee! #eatlocal #homedelivery #goodfood#freshfoodfast #orderandcollect
