38 Days Later | What has happened to the world? Space has shriveled, and time has fermented like a melting Mcflurry. Is it Thursday already? Of what year? It all feels like a dream ago.

But it has only/already been 38 days into the Great Singaporean Circuit Breaker. Things have settled into some semblance of a shape.

We are perched on these edges now, waiting for new normals (and Ah Loong's announcements) to change us, then change us again.
.
Did we really live in unthinking routine once, complaining about clockwork? It all feels like a dream ago. Now everyday is an adventure, an experiment: what to eat, what to try - Dalgona, Mehnona?
.
Did we once cross the island, schools of shiny well-behaved sardines in fast-moving tins? It all feels like a dream ago. Now, mostly, we are well-behaved crabs in unmoving shells.

Did airplanes once exist, are countries conceptual? I remember mountains once, the sharp stink of snow. Powdery coffee in an indifferent warung. It all feels like a dream ago. Now the sunsets are framed by my neighbour's tekkor bamboo poles.

Did we once sit outside, laughing full-faced, open-mouthed? It all feels like a dream ago. Now I flinch at pictures of those packed places. Now an open, chewing mouth feels obscene.

Did we wander those Great Malls once, those glass-sheathed jewels of the Silver City? It all feels like a dream ago. Now, sightings of endangered/extinct San Remo Pastas or Calbee Potato Chips (Spicy) on the shelves fill me with feelings.

What i mean is to marvel - in horror? Astonishment? Awe? Disgust? All of the above, and then some. It all feels like a dream ago, just 38 days later.

And yet this fluidity also fills me with a strange hope. If things can change so quickly, then things can change so quickly, again; and there are still so many dreams to dream.

What has happened to the world? It has changed, like a dream, like a melting Mcflurry; just as it always has. Space curls, and time bends. The planet turns.

Hold on to those dreams from long ago. One day, maybe, they will return: changed and unchanged, dreamed and redreamed.
