#Repost from @theempoweredview2020

When the Government announced the lockdown effective April 7, 2020, to be honest, I wasn’t in total despair. It was merely an eventuality. In a way, I was even kind of happy when the circuit breaker was announced.

As a fitness instructor and a small business owner in Singapore, I have been battling tough competition for the past three years, when thousands of Government-sponsored (read: free) classes flooded the market. With the circuit breaker, all of a sudden, everyone was starting from ground zero, competing on fair grounds (barring individual circumstances). Now, don’t get me wrong, I am not against giving, especially during these times.

Since 2018, I have been harbouring the thought of starting my own YouTube channel to share what I have learnt, and to highlight misconceptions about fitness from my observations and experience. But there never seemed to be a good time. The project was put on the back burner…until now.

In many ways, I am very fortunate – I have my own space to film my sessions, a supportive family member, encouragement from a good friend who gave me just that little push to finally take the plunge (YOU, LYN), and my regular exercise-class participants who are wholeheartedly cheering me on.

Then came the physical set-up. Finally, the execution. And the biggest obstacle of all – me.

Baring my soul and speaking coherently in front of the camera, that is anathema for someone who shies from selfies and social media. To me, real connection comes in person.

I grappled with the fact that, the times we are living in dictate that this was the only way. So, I reluctantly scripted away, and rehearsed in front of the camera in a 36sqm space some, all the while asking myself: How do I alleviate the mind and body wellness of someone who watches my 3- to 5-minute clips?

As I plough through my own field of human revolution, I offer what I can, one small step at a time. 
Lucretia, personal trainer and founder of Fitness Fun, Singaporean 📹: Lucretia

#activesg
#onlineworkout
#learningnewthings
#coronavirus
#covid19
#sgcircuitbreaker
@sport_singapore
@activehealthsg
