A very traditional (though not necessarily authentic) carbonara, sans crème. I’ve never been a fan of food swimming in cream, a side effect of my eating disorder days I suppose which, I’ve always wanted to start a conversation on but never really knew how; I digress. I won’t lie: the first time I made a traditional carbonara was a complete failure. No matter how many videos I watched and how careful I was, I still ended up scrambling the eggs. The trick for me, as I gathered after a couple of attempts, was to stir the noodles + egg mixture with a pair of chopsticks. Just like how you see those Japanese chefs scrambling the eggs for their omu rice, doing so with a pair of chopsticks seems to, for some unknown but very welcomed reason, work the best for me! #CEBcooks
.
INGREDIENTS (serves 1)
1/3 cup grated parmesan 
1 egg
3 strips of bacon, diced
Spaghetti, how ever much you eat
Salt and pepper, to taste
.
1. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the spaghetti in the boiling water, stirring occasionally until tender yet firm to the bite. Drain and set aside, reserving a little pasta water (couple of tablespoons).
2. Whisk the egg and parmesan in a bowl until smooth and creamy. I use quite a lot of cheese in mine cause I’m a lil cray cray over cheese, so I don’t find additional salt necessary. 
3. Heat some oil over medium heat, and add in the bacon. Cook until it’s browned and crispy. Remove from heat and drain on paper towels.
4. In the same pan used to cook the bacon, put in the spaghetti while the pan’s still hot and swirl it around abit. You want to do this step off the heat. Pour in the egg and cheese mixture, and use a pair of chopsticks to stir vigorously until the egg thickens into a sauce. I find doing this with chopsticks a lot easier and quicker than stirring with a spoon or spatula; but do what works for you. I also turn on the heat at its lowest halfway through, to help speed up the sauce. You don’t wanna scramble the eggs though so if you’re worried, just do everything off heat. If the sauce seems too thick, thin it out with a little bit more of the reserved pasta water.
5. Season generously with pepper and serve immediately.
