IVAN CODINA (Managing Director of LaLiga - Southeast Asia, Japan, South Korea and Australia) joins us on Ep 22 of IN YOUR HOUSE!

#IYH is a new project by SportSG, created specially for this period when Singaporeans are staying at home due to Covid-19. It's a series of segments showcasing Singaporeans from all walks of life, both in and outside of the country, as they cope with work-from-home orders. In this Skype/Zoom interview based show, we'll discuss each guest's exercise routines, family, the various types of food to stay healthy, leisure activities, plus positive reinforcement messages.

In Pt 1 of Ep 22 on Mon 1 June, be sure to catch, SportSG's very own RAJ KUMAR, as he catches up with IVAN (Father of 2 Toddlers)

With all major sports leagues and franchises around the world shut down for close to 3 months due to Covid-19, Ivan has been spending time at home, working with his colleagues at the main LaLiga HQ in Spain. Hailed as 1 of the top 3 football leagues in the world, LaLiga has conducted more than 3,000 tests with the less than 5 people testing positive for the virus. 
June 11th is the date set by LaLiga to resume their football season behind closed doors. And football fans, will be treated to matches almost EVERY night, leading up to the close of the season in mid-July. Ivan explains the extraordinary steps and measures, undertaken by the football clubs, players, stadiums' staff, media, broadcasters, law enforcement agencies etc, to ensure a safe and peaceful period of pure football entertainment for the Millions of LaLiga fans worldwide. 
As a father of a 7-month old daughter and a 3 year old son, Ivan and his wife have also found it challenging to keep their kids occupied within the 4 walls for 8 straight weeks, 24/7! Hence, the parents have had to become more creative in the manner of handing the toddlers during the Circuit-Breaker period, and especially when Ivan has to attend to web-conference calls and work-related issues. 
So all that and more are revealed from Noon onwards on Get Active TV Facebook Page!

#SGUnited #GetActiveTV #GetActiveSG #GetActiveStayStrong #StayHomeForSG #WeAreAllSingaporeans #LaLiga @kudi_singapore
