Shortly before the Circuit Breaker was implemented, I had a most wonderful brunch at @allium.sg. So when Chef-owner @dillon_ngze and his wife Chef @lusianadarusman launched their Takeaway menu, I was eager to try it. The reason I was particularly drawn to the dishes in this menu (sorry, today’s the last day for it and they’ve already sold out), was the abundance of aromatics featured in them. And I do love my aromatics.
Here’s what I ordered and thoroughly enjoyed:
1. Empress Chicken "Ayam Ungkep" - Extremely fragrant roasted boneless chicken rubbed with turmeric & fennel, and topped with bunga kantan & shallot sambal, it is a feast for the eyes and a thrill on the palate.
2. Kurobuta Pork Cheek Curry - The meat was braised till melt-in-the-mouth in a mild curry redolent in an unusual but appealing blend of peppercorn, cardamon, clove & Shaoxing wine curry. So glad it came with Homemade Fried Buns to mop up every bit of that tasty gravy. 
3. Kale Ulam Salad - If everyone can make kale taste this delicious, I would eat it much more often. Dressed with herbs and spices from a traditional nasi ulam recipe, as well as mushroom garum and calamansi juice, the locally-grown kale creation from @susteniragriculture was a revelation.
4. Signature Nasi Liwet - Made from stewing Koshihikari rice with bits of fried salted threadfin, petai (my fave!) and alliums, the result was a fragrant, fluffy, flavourful, multi-textural carb dish that’s wonderful enough to be enjoyed on its own.

Chef Dillon was also kind enough to include these two dishes appearing in next week’s menu: 
1. Squid and Quail’s Egg in Sambal - The perfectly cooked squid (even grandparents would have no problem enjoying it), and the sambal in which it was gently braised, along with the mini eggs, was a lip-smacking roasted chilli and tumeric leaf blend that’s not too spicy at all. Shiokness.
2. Tuscan Kale Gulai - Featuring another produce from #susteniragriculture, the dark leaves were stewed in Gulai, a fragrant, more-liquid-than-paste style of curry found at Nasi Padang stalls. This was concocted from salted fish, galangal and juices from ayam ungkep. AND IT WAS DA BOMB!! Continued in Comments below...
