T R E A T
Starting from today till Sunday, 17th of May, you can order @artichoke_sg’s Vietnamese-inspired Deli Dinner for takeaway. As this special set menu for 2 pax ($80) changes every week, you can’t sit around on your asses if you want to get your paws on it.
I had the privilege of a sneak eat last Sunday when the bossman himself dropped off a very generous meal at my home - thanks so much again for that @bjornshen.
Although the main act of the Deli Dinner is the monster of a modified #BanhMi (it’s apportioned into 2 x 300gms heavyweights for the Set), I found the rest of the items real attention-grabbers too.
Take the Chicken Broth for instance, the only thing that needed heating up. It was extremely tasty, especially with the beansprouts, onions, herbs and enoki mushrooms (by the way, these should only be chucked in moments before you commence slurping).
The #PotatoSalad was a side so bold from fish sauce caramel, fresh basil and a squeeze of fresh lime juice, it threatened to steal the thunder from everything else. It’s easily one of the more exciting potato salads I’ve ever had.
With shredded cabbage, carrots, pickles, firm tofu and peanuts tumbled together, the Vietnamese Coleslaw was vibrant in colour but that wasn’t why it made an impression. Leave it to a sliced chilli-filled “nuoc cham” to create the splash (quite literally). Be prepared to unhinge your jaw for Bjorn’s larger-than-life cold-pressed Vietnamese #sandwich. But remember, DO NOT REMOVE the plastic wrap around it. I made that mistake and it was like trying to get toothpaste back in the tube 😂 The wrap is to keep all the stuff packed in there, IN THERE. And there’s a lot of stuff. We’re talking lemongrass-grilled pork, bologna, housemade pickles, fresh herbs, vegetables and more. Except for coriander. Coriander gets its own ride.
One of the sweets I received was a box of pretty, gold-dusted Donuts topped with pineapple and jackfruit. It was nice but the #ChocolatePudding was the dessert that made me sit up and go wow.

Continued in Comments below...
