Date check: 21 May 2020
Number of days left till Circuit Breaker comes to an end: about 11
Number of days till life goes back to those “pre-virus” days: UNKNOWN

On 19 May, National Development Minister Lawrence Wong talked about the 3-phase-plan that will bring Singapore out of Circuit Breaker. 
Warning: some things I’ll say will make you sad, but we‘re in this together. (Sorry, I just had to be dramatic)

Just to be clear, bubble tea stores will not be opening anytime soon. There, I said it.

PHASE 1 (lasting about 4 weeks): Economic activities will resume. Schools will reopen gradually. People who absolutely HAVE to work at the offices, may be allowed to return to work, while those who can telecommute are strongly advised to continue this throughout phase 1.

PHASE 2 (lasting a few months): All schools will fully reopen and Institutes of Higher-Learning will allow more students to come back. More sports and recreation facilities will reopen. More F&B places will allow dine-in, and more social activities in small groups will be allowed. However, safe distancing measures will still be in place and masks must still be worn, especially by seniors.

PHASE 3 (our “new normal” until a vaccine or cure is developed): More gatherings and events will be allowed, but still of limited capacities. Seniors would be able to resume day-to-day activities, while STILL practising safe distancing. Spas, beauty salons, cinemas, theatres, etc, will be reopened, all while practising safe distancing.

One thing has been made clear - safe distancing will be the new normal for us, at least until we have a treatment or vaccine. 
Things seem hard, really hard. But one thing we have to be thankful for, is that we can exit the circuit breaker at last. Some countries have been in quarantine for months now, not being allowed to step out of their homes AT ALL. Let’s feel lucky.

While bubble tea deprivation is definitely real, McDonald’s is open so go order some burgers, some pies, some fries, BUT NO SALADS please, it’s McDonald’s. Spoil yourself.

We’re almost there. Let’s do this. (also, i’m sorry if any of the information is inaccurate. I tried.)
