We have our own branding now#upcyclerssg. 
We received a bouquet of roses and after couple of days, they were looking a little tired. In an effort not to waste them especially now there is a worldwide shortage of fresh flowers. We decided to make into rose water. 
Try out the following if you happen to have some roses at home. Upcycle your fresh roses lifespan 
For the Homemade Rosewater:

Organic Roses (as many as you like-I used 7 stems)

Distilled water (enough to cover the rose petals- I used about 1.5 litres)

Steps for making rosewater

To start, gently remove the rose petals from their stems and rinse them under warm running water in a colander.

Place the rose petals in a large pot and cover with the distilled water

Cover the pot with a lid.

Simmer the rose petals on medium heat for around 20 minutes or until the petals lose their color.

Strain the rose petals out of the rose water and discard the petals.

Store the rosewater in a bottle and keep in the fridge, they keep really well 😀

Benefits of rose water

Rose water is a mild astringent which may help to reduce oiliness and dandruff.

It has anti-inflammatory properties, which may make it beneficial for certain scalp conditions, like psoriasis and eczema.

Rose water’s fragrance is calming and soothing. While this quality may not make your hair look any lovelier, the fragrance of rose water wafting from your locks may help lift your mood. The scent might even help relieve headaches and reduce irritability.

Many women with curly hair swear by rose water’s ability to calm down frizz and add shine.

Ways to use rose water for hair include:

Pour it onto hair as a rinse after shampooing, or, after shampooing and conditioning. Leave it in your hair or rinse it out after several hours or overnight.

Add rose water to your favorite shampoo or conditioner.

Use a spray bottle to spray rose mist onto your hair anytime you want to decrease frizz or add a spritz of scent.

Apply rose water using cotton swabs directly to the scalp. To reduce dandruff and itching, gently massage it in. Shampoo and rinse as usual afterward.

#circuitbreakersg
#stayathome
#covid_19 #rosewater #upcyclerssg
