This is the perfect time to get into indoor planting. Even if you don’t have a green thumb.

The first step to becoming a successful plant parent is being honest about what kind of light you have and how much time you’re willing to spend caring for your plants.

Some good starter plants are: Pothos (a kind of ivy), snake plants, anthuriums, spider plants, peace lilies, heart-shaped philodendrons, and succulents and cactuses. If you have a pet, you should see if the plant you are buying is toxic or not.

When you buy a plant, it will probably come in a plastic grower’s pot with drainage holes at the bottom. Most of the time the plant has almost overgrown its pot, so it’s worth moving it into a more decorative pot (for a single plant) or planter (for multiple plants). Popular ones are made of terra-cotta or ceramic, but they can be pricey, so you can use old containers around the house like old candle jars or Mason jars and drill holes in them for drainage.

If your plant’s leaves are turning yellow, it’s most likely suffering moisture stress. To figure out if you are over- or underwatering, touch the soil. If it’s wet and you’ve been watering a lot, your plant is overwatered. If the soil is dry to the touch and you’ve been watering sparingly, it’s underwatered.

The fix is pretty simple: Tweak your watering schedule and either water more frequently or less frequently than you have been. If you need some help on this front, try a moisture meter. It can show you how moist the soil is.

If a plant’s leaves or the tips of the leaves are turning brown, you’re probably not watering it thoroughly. You could be watering the surface or top inches of the soil but not giving it enough to penetrate to the roots. Make sure when you water a plant, the water goes through the drainage holes at the bottom of the planter or into the rocks in the bottom of the pot.

Read the full story courtesy of The New York Times on CNA Lifestyle, link in bio. #plants #gardening #indoorplant (Photo: Unsplash)
