La Vigne d’Or Cares 
Dearest all,
Hope all of you are keeping Safe and Sane! Myself a little cooped up like everyone else but immensely glad and thankful to hear from many of you during this confinement period. Attending wine webinars almost everyday, preparing for the WSET level 4 course which I was supposed to attend classes in London early april but oh well.. managed to read quite a bit of books of different genres as well learning to play chess 🙂 (finally)

I have been thinking of you all and whilst during this period, my trusty Gabriel Glas accompanied me with the bottles popped open. 
Made in Austria,this is the brainchild of Rene Gabriel, former wine critic who developed this glass to be a uniform, yet ideal glass for tastings. He spent 2 years developing the glass, which is designed to be ideal for any type of wine and is not varietal specific. In other words, it’s intended to be the perfect “all in one” wine glass. So this can be used for White, Red, Sweet or even Champagnes 🙂

The Gold Edition which I am currently using is mouth-blown, rather delicate and elegant, particularly the stem, which seems almost impossibly thin. Since for the WSET practical tasting I have to taste a wide variety of wines, I tried both the ISO glass as well the Gabriel Glas of which the aromatics are more pronounced compared to the ISO glass. The flattened base exposes the wine in the glass to the maximum amount of surface area, and the gently tapering sides effectively keep aromas trapped inside — and prevent the wine from sloshing out. They look beautiful and as well quite fragile. But I guess that's how it is, dont trust anyone else to wash the glass except Yourself.

This is difficult times for everyone and it would bring me much joy to share this nifty glass which has accompanied me through White, Red and Bubbly moments. 
During this whole period of CB, for purchases of $1500 and above (per invoice or consolidated), I would be most glad to offer 2 stems of Gold Edition complimentary. (retailing at ￼￼$120 per stem at Takashimaya)

This is also a small gesture to say Thank You as it seems like not too long ago we celebrated our 3rd year anniversary last year this time
