@poon_nah_city_home_made_noodle Located at the food court of City Plaza, this stall serves excellent bowl of ban mian. There are different kind of noodles for you to choose from, from ban mian to you mian, mee sua, bean flour noodle etc. And there are so many permutations, you can either pair it with prawns, fish, kidney, clams etc. So what I like about Poon Nah’s is the chewy and soft noodles, plus the clear soup is tasty and that I can finish the whole bowl of it. Their chilli sauce totally lifted the entire flavours with a punch. I basically dipped everything into the chilli. They also sell deep fried items like luncheon meat  and beancurd skin to pair with the noodles.

We tried their home delivery recently and ordered the following: (11) Prawn Yu Mian Dry, (10) Abalone Mee Hoon Kueh, (9) Fish Porridge (1) Prawn Mee Hoon Keuh, (3) Sliced fish Ban Mian, (22) Fried Dumplings, (28) Fried Wanton, (15) You Tiao (26) Japanese Chicken.

The Abalone Mee Hoon Kueh had a clear broth which was flavourful. Ingredients included real mid size Abalone, fishmaw, mushrooms, vegetables and ikan bilis. The mee hoon hueh was soft and just a little chewy. There were lots of different textures and flavours in the bowl of noodle soup.

The sliced fish ban mian had similar broth and the thin handmade noodles had a nice bite.

Fish porridge is the teow chew style and goes well with the soup, it is also a large serving too. The prawn yu mian dry was delicious with the dark sauce, you will have to eat it fast so that the mian is still chewy.

The bowls of noodles were all very enjoyable. The chilli provided by was really quite spicy but would add a real kick to the noodles. The deep fried food is also recommended while you enjoy the noodle, especially dip it in the chili sauce and it becomes addictive. The Fried Wantons, dumplings, chicken were hot and crispy. The you tiao is excellent when you soak them up in the soup.

Poon Nah City Homemade Noodle offers unpretentious comfort food. Their bowls of noodles are really enjoyable. You can order from them directly.

Poon Nah City Home Made Noodle Address: #05-02, City Plaza, 810 Geylang Road Tel: 6842 4524
