Guess most of us has survived through the last 3 weeks of CB but ended up having to raise the white flag 🏳 to continue for another month of home quarantine.

Let’s talk about my experience as a Pregnant-Stay-Home-Full-Time-Working-Mum (PSAFYWM)! The journey started when I received the news to support in the taskforce in SDM operations on the very first day of CB. Like my colleagues, we were notified and activated quite “last minute”. It was a challenge since most of the procedures were grey. I had to log on my laptop from early morning till late midnight with many teleconferences in between. You could imagine I had to shut myself in a quiet room to avoid disturbances from the “Little Monster”. Thankfully, hubby was around but he also needed to work. Not because of my current pregnancy state, I would rather be out on the ground to work with my colleagues.

My work continued for 2 weeks. The struggle of having to work from home, thinking of how to entertain the little one and what to cook was extremely stressful that I almost threw in the towel. While many of you shared the tasks you did with the kids, whipping up great meals that made me drool on IGS, playing Tik Tok and etc, I was stuck at my table and swamped with work. There were times when I felt so useless as I wasn’t able to play a proper Mum’s role because my whole time was about working. The physical presence was at home with little Carrick but the mental state was focused on the unaccomplished tasks.

Tbh, it felt as if I had fought a battle! But it improves this week as I have more time with my little Carrick to catch up his HBL and start on tasks which I plan to do before Circuit Breaker was implemented. 
Hope the coming circuit breaker month gets better as I prepare the nursery room and hospital bag to get ready to offload the 2nd prince!

To all Daddies and Mummies, you have done a great job and continue to do so to stay home and stay safe! Most important, stay sane and enjoy more family bonding time as much as possible before the normal life resumes.

#littleteochewmama #sgmummy #stayhomestaysafe #36weekspregnant #maternityshoot #babyshoot #jacelynpreggydiary #circuitbreakersg #stayhomeforSG
