WARNING: #droolingposts 
Since day 1 of Ramadan, I don’t order food outside, I have been cooking my own dishes instead. Cooking makes me feel good, this relaxing activity releases stress & just like running, it’s good for our mental health. 
Err, I’m not really a devout muslim. But, fasting is Islamic teaching that I really respect so much. The 1st time I did a full fasting for 12 hours when I was 6 yo, the result I became so fatigue, & when the time came I had to break my first time fasting, the drink I sipped tasted very special, when my dried throat was pouring with some water eventually, though the fact, it was just a cold orange juice my dad gave it to me. & my parents congratulated on my first time ever fasting. Yes, ‘you made it, you’re such a fighter!!’ - it’s the same feeling when I crossed the finish line on my first marathon. 
Fasting teaches me how to be more patient & sincere. Firstly, Patience, - because I learn to use my empathy here, there are millions the poor in the world who don’t eat and drink everyday, people in conflict zones are hunger, don’t have luxury to eat thrice a day. When I fast, I put myself in their shoes, oh.. this is how it feels like being starving & thirsty. I feel you people.

Secondly, sincere. The key in fasting is sincerity. You do it because you want to do it, anyway, you can just cheat, right? - you can eat & drink, hey - nobody knows. It’s like running a marathon, there is a chance to cheat, shortcut, & grab the medal. But, what’s the point of it?? Just to show off?? You are lying to yourself & it’s not good for your mental health. When you fast sincerely, you will be happier.. At 19 yo, I suffered from a chronic stomach issues for almost a year. I lost much weight also appetite, nausea without vomiting, always feel full though I was starving & fatigue. I just couldn’t eat.. then, Ramadan came, I fasted for a month. Amazingly, my gastric problem was just went away. I believe fasting will be healthy if we do it rightly. Do not eat too much & stay exercise during fasting month!!
