Located in Amoy Street Food Centre, A Noodle Story is famous not only for being a Michelin Bib Gourmand listed stall but also, for serving up a mean bowl of Singapore style ramen noodles. It’s no wonder that this stall is a crowd favourite amongst the CBD folks.  We conducted an email interview with Gwern, Co-founder and owner of this popular Hawker stall. Here’s what he has to say.  Hi, my name is Gwern. I’ve been interested in cooking since I was a young boy. When I was younger, I used to work for free as a stagiaire in top restaurants to gain experience. After I became a chef, my passion for cooking and creating new dishes were fortified. I knew I eventually wanted to start my own business. Thats how the idea for A Noodle Story came about. Due to the lower rental costs, my partner and I decided that having a stall in a hawker centre would be the best platform for me to test out my ideas and concepts. 
Back when we were preparing to launch the stall in 2013, there had been an uptrend in Japanese cuisine, ramen especially. I knew I wouldn’t be able to fight head-on with those famous ramen chains from Japan. To stand out and have a competitive edge, I decided to create my own version of ramen, Singapore-style ramen. The outcome, is a collaborative result of inspirations from my travels, observations and knowledge from past kitchen experiences. 
When asked about how the Covid-19 Pandemic has affected business, Gwern told us candidly that business has dropped by 50%. 20% of their customer base used to be made up of tourists. That is gone for now. 
Furthermore, as they are located within the CBD area, A Noodle Story, along with other F&B establishments within the area, bear the full brunt of the circuit breaker measures. With majority of the office workers in Singapore working from home, traffic in the area has fallen significantly. Gwern also mentioned that some stall holders have decided to just take a break and close their stores during this circuit breaker period.
