YES! And it’s scientifically proven!

Low impact cardio exercise is important to boost your immunity system and release stress, especially when we have to stay at home all day😥 Prof. Nieman says exercise is potentially 'the most powerful habit that people can adopt right now as we're coping with this new and novel virus.' The simple act of moving your body more can provide a powerful tool for fighting infections. The catch? Not all excerise is entirely helpful to your immune system😱 Studies show that moderate to vigorous intensity low impact cardio workouts lasting 45-60 mins increases the circulation of immune cells. You will get an immediate response from your immune system, but that will eventually go away, unless you keep working out consistently.

British Journal Of Sports Medicine found that those who did aerobic exercise for five days or more said of the week lowered the number of upper respiratory Tract infections (like the common cold🤧) over a 12-week period by more than 40%. Prof. Nieman explains: Say you have a housekeeper come over to clean your home for 45 minutes most days of the week. The house will look a lot better on that first day than if someone never came. But the more frequently the housekeeper comes back, the better and cleaner the house will look. “Exercise really is a housekeeping activity, where it helps the immune system patrol the body and detect and evade bacteria and viruses,” Nieman says. So, you can’t necessarily exercise one day here and there and expect to have an illness-clearing immune system. Come back for more movement on the regular, though, and your immune system is better prepared to wipe out sickness-causing germs🦠

This is why we’re renting out Trampolines so that everyone can bounce with us from home! Drop us an email at info@kulture.com.sg.  Head over to www.kulture.com.sg for more details!

#thisiskulture #BounceBackStronger
#immunityboost #stayhome #workoutfromhome #lowimpactworkout
#cardio #rebounding #sgfitfam #fitnesssg #homeworkout #circuitbreakersg #funworkouts #edmmusic #edmworld #kpop #workoutmusic
