#circuitbreakersg day 27

Home baked egg tarts. 
Love my mum’s egg tarts🤤
I prefer the tart shell to be cookie-like instead of puff-pastry kind which is the Portuguese egg tart. I also like to eat it chilled 😆 One of my fav egg tart will be from Tai cheong’s (their pandan one is also good!!) as well as Bangawan solo’s. 
Sharing my mum’s recipe:

EGG TART SHELL:
1 Egg White
SCS Pure creamery Butter 125g
Plain Flour 200g
Custard Powder 12g
Baking powder 2.5g
Salt 1/8 teaspoon
Icing sugar 8g

FILLING:
Hot water 100g (weigh it, not by ml)
Sugar 75g
Full cream Fresh Milk 70g
Custard Powder 9g
Egg 4 pcs

Method for egg tart shell:

Sift flour and powder and add all other ingredients for egg tart shell and mix tgt. Use your fingers (rubbing method) to mix the dough until well. 
Wrap the dough with cling wrap and refrigerate it for 30 mins.

Take the dough out and divide into smaller portions. Each portion should be enough to fill the tart shell (mould). Press the dough in the shell with your fingers. Try to make the dough uniform in thickness and avoid a thick bottom. Repeat to finish all. This is solely based on your hand technique and own gauge. 
Method for filling:

Mix sugar with hot water, stir until sugar is dissolved. Let it cool, then add in all other ingredients. Stir well.
Sift afterwards make sure no lumps.

Pour the custard filling into the shells until it is about 80% full. 
Preheat the oven to 175’C

Bake for 20-25 minutes until the surface of the filling pops up (rise up by a little). Open the oven door to release the hot air while ur oven is still heating. Gauge and make sure every egg tart fillings are popping up (meaning it’s cooked, the filling should not be watery or shaky anymore). You may lower the the temperature if some egg tarts filling is still uncooked. 
After ensuring all is cooked and the egg tart fillings are evenly raised, It’s done. You can remove the egg tarts from the oven and let it cool. Transfer the tarts to cake case/wrapper. 
Enjoy!

Do tag me your creation if you have tried the recipe @jxeats!

#stayhome #jxeatshome #createwithscs #jxeatsrecipe
