This is SO hard!

Warning: might trigger #momguilt

EVERY. SINGLE. DAY. goes by with at least one yelling in our home.  It could be me yelling at one of my three boys (the baby’s too adorable!), or at all three boys.

It makes no sense for me to try to look them in the eye and keep nagging and keep asking them to do mundane routine stuff as simple as teeth brushing.  Yelling works like magic, I get an instant reaction!

Go brush your teeth
Go brush your teeth, NOW!
YOU BETTER BRUSH YOUR TEETH NOW BEFORE I GET REALLY ANGRY AND PUT YOU OUTSIDE THE DOOR!! I’m counting down, get into the toilet NOW! 5,4,3,2,1, I said NOW!

Familiar?

You see, yelling served it’s purpose! 
However, it started to go downhill when my kids started saying things like “give me that NOW, or I’ll lock you in the room” and screaming on top of their voices towards each other when neither wishes to give in.  And the rebellion got worse, each time I had to yell louder than the last, I had to threaten worse than the last.

That’s it, I had to be a better role model.

So I tried to change. 
First by establishing eye contact and expressing my emotions, “I’m so angry that you are not listening to me”. Then by reiterating and setting matter of fact rules, “you need to brush away the germs so that your teeth will not rot in pain. We all have to brush our teeth to keep it clean before bedtime.” If it doesn’t work, i inform my threshold, “The lights will be out in 5minutes, I cannot let you go up to the bed with us if you don’t brush your teeth.” Lastly, if all else fails, take him by the hand or carry him and assist.  If there is any crying, so be it.

If need be, I give myself a time out and cool down in the toilet for 5minutes.

Sometimes, for milder cases, I pick my battles and close one eye.  Peace in the family is important to establish a loving environment for a child to grow up.

I’m still a work in progress but I definitely need to yell less It is almost impossible but at least I’m trying my best.

Pls feel free to share with me if you have other strategies

#singaporeanhousewife #idealparentingtips #thereisnoperfectparent
#singaporeanhousewifeunscrambles #gentleparenting #mindfulness
