[Special Treats for Super Mums]

Project Special Treats for Super Mums is completed! 32 cakes sponsored by Lexandria Koh, Ling Fong, Mee Chin, Chen sisters, Tan Kim Boey, Leong Lili and 20 anonymous sponsors were delivered to 32 Super Mums (mothers with children with special needs) over the past 2 days.

We initiated this project as we understood that children and youths with special needs are struggling to adjust to their disrupted routines during the circuit breaker. It is an extremely stressful period for them, and even more so for their caregivers. To appreciate and encourage these Super Mums, we quickly pulled together a small fundraising project to purchase cakes from @mettacafe1 , a non-profit organization training youths with special needs.

As the Super Mums were asked to choose the flavour of the cake, we wanted to surprise them with a simple appreciation package and recognize them for their caregiving efforts. Thank you SweeLuan Lim for putting together mini dried flower bouquets (not an easy feat with limited budget and sales of dried flowers), Sheau Chan for your handmade Mother's Day cards, volunteers from @sewhappytoshare for your reusable bags made from fabric stash/remnants, donors for the cookies, coffee and tea sachets and well wishers for your Mother's Day messages.

Thank you Friends of ASD Families for helping us with the coordination and @serendipet for the door to door delivery of the appreciation packages. We are grateful to Metta Cafe for subsidizing your delivery fees to contribute to this initiative and @kindnesssg for supporting with the appreciation packages and logistics.

Words from a Super Mum: Seeing the gift yesterday and the cake today... I had to take a moment to count my blessings. A lot of thoughts, planning and love that goes into this project to make mums like me feel special and appreciated. Makes mums like me feel that we can go on even though life seems so tough and future bleak at times.

Thank you. Please convey my heartfelt appreciation to the volunteers, those from Metta Cafe.... Tell them they've just made a mum stronger and very blessed.

Happy Mother’s Day to all Mums! #bekindsg #kindnesssg #begreatersg
