鱼 yú fish Word Study

#funplaywithchinese 动物 Animals + 日常生活Daily Life

Just to share what we learnt the past week about fish!

Update: ALL these titles have just been restocked on our webstore!
.
《甲骨文配配卡 》- our top favourite card set over the past few years, with incredible mileage for different learning styles and coverage of topics.
.
《棕色的熊，棕色的熊，你在看什么？ 》Ever popular classic Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See has repetitive sentence structures that can be read like a rap! My 3+ month old and 5 year old love to look at the pictures and enjoy the book together!
. 《揭秘汉字》is a gem that we discovered - it gets the kids interested through the interactive flaps and helps me re-discover the beauty of our language! This book is good from ages 3-99, and educators rave about this book too!
. 《幼儿认知小百科》 is a lovely English-Chinese bilingual picture dictionary that my boys have enjoyed since they were young. The Japanese illustrations are clean and bright, not to mention adorable!
.
《吃了长个子的红色食物》 is part of the awesome series 《吃饭的秘密》about food. As a parent, this bookset is important in my toolbox to encourage healthy eating habits and helping us to be more mindful of the food we eat. We can learn about the origin of food, different food groups, life cycle of chickens, being grateful for our food, how to use chopsticks and more!

Fish picture and Hanyu pinyin card is part of a set sent over by @hahachineseco! Thank you! It is aligned to part of MOE primary 1 syllabus - my 7 year old had fun going through the cards to revise what he has learnt the past few months at school! If you’d like to attend online Mandarin lessons, be sure to check out @hahachineseco!
. 《童谣欢唱绘本》is a soundbook that is used daily in my home! I use the instrumental music at the lowest volume setting for the baby to calm her down before nap time! For the fish theme, the older boys listened to 《鱼儿鱼儿水中游》 and 《捕鱼歌》。The latter is really nostalgic for me! 白浪滔滔我不怕... ...
. 《海底100层的房子》 is part of a set of three 100层的房子 books! There are just so many funny details to pore over, my kids were so tickled!

P.S. If you’d like to see more photos and details of each product, just search its name on our site!
