@restaurantomaj_ is formerly Pasta J. They have always focused on really intense flavours through sheer effort to caramelise, reduce, smoke, brine, cure, inject, pressure-cook, de-stem, age and blend ingredients for great depth of flavour. We recently tasted their signature dishes below: 
1.  Iberico Pork Ribs, Available in Tamarind sauce. What makes the Iberico pork so special? Black Iberian Pigs – also known as ‘Pata Negra’ – are bred to contain a higher fat content than many other pigs. That means that the pork they produce has a delightful tenderness that is sure to impress foodies. Here at O'maJ, the Iberico Pork Ribs have greater depth flavouring making it extremely delicious. The meat is so tender that it almost melt in your mouth. Really top quality meat.  2.  Spicy, Smoky Seafood Paella. A richly flavored paella dish served in its own pan with a lip-smacking socarrat (burnt, crunchy bottom). Made with Smoked Sweet Paprika, Cayenne Pepper and a secret blend of seafood stock. Even spicier versions are available. Paired perfectly with a generous serving of pan-seared Chilean Seabass. Again expect stronger flavor in this dish.  3.  Bultara Saltbush Dorper Lamb Rack Green Curry.An extremely deeply flavourful and spicy green curry. With grain fed lamb rack that is not gamey, very flavourful and very tender. Served with Japanese rice, fresh coriander and beef stock.  4.  Hamachi Kama. With home made rendang sauce, approx 350g. Hamachi Kama is the collar of yellowtail fish (Hamachi). It is the fattiest and juicy part of the fish.  Usually, it is grilled/broiled until the skin is crisp and the inside is just cooked through. You can easily scrape the flesh off the cartilage with chopsticks. The home-made rendang sauce really do wonders to this dish . It more flavorful compare to Japanese style. 
5.  Aged Beef Ramen. This is another unique dish, ramen served with two pieces of high quality aged beef. The broth is thick and deeply rich. This broth has a significant depth of flavor and multi-dimensional. Ramen broth is cooked over extended periods with multiple components, allowing tiered flavors to develop. 
Order on Omaj.wallet.sg or 82613992
