Dinner on Sunday

My first time cooking Pig Stomach... Ordered from SG Xiaoxianrou again and asked them if they can help to prewash. Lucky got my laobu (hokkien for Mother) to wash the stomach even further cos of the slimy membrane inside and also some tips to cook. 😝

Using my Philips All-in-One Pressure Cooker HD2137 to cook this.

1. Blanched the pork bone (大骨), spare ribs (you can use soup bones as they have meat too) and pig stomach in hot water. Set aside. 
2. Put in around 1.5 to 2l of water in the stainless steel (SS) pot and set to Saute Low Heat (on AIO HD2137). Prepare 12 cloves of garlic, washed and crushed them slightly with skin on. Stuffed 4 to 5 cloves into the pig stomach. My laobu asked me to leave it as a whole first, stuffed the garlic into the cavity as well as the Bak Kut Teh soup sachet. I'm using the one from New Moon.
3. Put everything in (pork bones to pig stomach to garlic) and let it boil for about 5 mins or so.
4. Cover lid, valve to Seal and set to Pressure Steam at 30mins. 
5. Manual pressure release after it had gone into Keep Warm for about 5 mins (I cover the valve with a cloth, using the handle of the ladle to slowly and patiently push the valve to Vent). 6. Take out the sachet from the pig stomach and put it back into the SS pot. Set to Saute Low Heat and let it simmer. Slice the pig stomach and return it to the pot. The pig stomach is still a bit "crunchy". At this point, I added 1 tablespoon of chinese rice wine. 
7. Set valve to Seal again and Pressure Steam for another 15 mins.
When it's done, taste and season accordingly. I made the mistake of adding salt too early and my soup was a bit salty. 
If you prefer a more peppery soup, you can leave the sachet in the pot for the entire cooking time or add in whole white peppercorns. I wanted to add abalone to the soup but I forgot about it. 😅
Next time I can put mustard leaves too (酸菜). What used to take at least 3 to 4 hours on the stove is now done within 1 hour (or lesser). Hahaha!

#pigstomachsoup #soup #sgCook #SgHomeCooks #sghomecookedmeals #circuitbreakersg #stayhomesg #eatathomesg #singapore #SgFTWM #SgWorkingMums #sgmummys #sgmummies #sgmommies #sgmums #SgParents
