The beginner’s bread: the Foccacia. 
1/4 cup (60 ml) extra-virgin olive oil plus 2 tbsp for drizzling on top before baking 
1 cup (235 ml) lukewarm water (means slightly warmer than tap water) 
2 1/4 teaspoons instant yeast 
1/4 teaspoon honey
2 1/2 cups (315 grams) bread flour
1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt (or a little more/less depending on whether you like it more or less salty)
——————-
MAKE DOUGH
In a large bowl, combine the warm water, yeast, and honey. Stir a few times then let sit for 5 minutes.

Add 1 cup of the flour and the 1/4 cup of the olive oil to the bowl with yeast and honey. Stir 3 to 4 times until the flour has moistened. Let sit for another 5 minutes.

Stir in the remaining 1 1/2 cups of flour and the salt. When the dough comes together, transfer to a floured board and knead 10 to 15 times until smooth. (Note: I usually don’t even knead with my hand. I use my big sturdy metal spoon and use it to push the dough around)

Transfer the dough to a large oiled bowl, cover with a warm, damp towel and let rise for 1 hour. (It’s best to let the dough rise in a warmer area of your kitchen).
BAKE BREAD
After 1 hour, heat the oven to 220-230C.

Use one tablespoon of the remaining olive oil to oil a 9-inch by 13-inch rimmed baking sheet. (I use less because I don’t like it too oily)
Transfer the dough to the baking sheet then press it down into the pan. Wet your hands to smoothen the top of the dough. Use your wet fingers to dimple the dough, then drizzle the top with the remaining 1-1/2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Let the dough rise for 20 minutes until it puffs slightly.

Bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. I have a hot oven so I needed only 16 min. Cool baked focaccia bread on a wire rack.
(P.s. I like my focaccia a bit browner and not so pale. If you like it pale, turn it down to 200C and bake it a bit longer)
✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
The frills:
You can add all sorts of flavours - fresh/sundried tomatoes, fresh/dried herbs, your choice of soft or hard cheese, onion, garlic, mushrooms, truffles even,fennel, artichoke, leeks, carrots, capsicum, olives, cranberries, ...
*you can also used infused oil - herbs/garlic/sundried tomato/truffle/saffron
