An idea for Queso Indio Quesadilla with @missionfoods.sg

Queso Indio is a Spanish word for Panner (Cottage Cheese)

INGREDIENTS:

1 Mission Wrap Wholegrain
6 Pcs Cottage Cheese Cubes
4 Pcs Olives
50 gm Red Cabbage
1/2 Yellow Bell Pepper
10 – 15 Pcs Cherry Tomato
2 Pcs Red Chilli
4 Slice Cheese
Frozen American Corn
2 tbsp Hot & Sweet Sauce
2 tbsp Green Chilli Sauce
1 tbsp Salt Powder
1 tbsp Chili Powder
1 tbsp Turmeric Powder
½ cup Olive Oil

INSTRUCTIONS:

1.	Cut Small Pieces of Cottage Cheese.
2.	In a Non-Stick Pan, add 2 tbsp of Olive Oil and heat Oil over medium heat. Then, add Cottage Cheese Pcs and fry it until all pcs become golden brown. Then Add 2 Tbsp of Hot & Sweet Tomato Sauce and 2 tbsp of Green Chilli Sauce. Mix it well. Once done, set aside.
3.	Chop the Cherry tomatoes and Red Chilli. 
4.	Now in a Non-Stick Pan, add 2 tbsp of Olive Oil and heat oil over the medium heat. Then, add chopped cherry tomatoes and red chilli. Mix it well for 2-3 minutes on a low flame. Add a pinch of red chilli powder and mix it well for another 2 minutes. Add 1/2 tbsp of salt powder and mix it well for another 2 minutes. Cover the Non-stick pan with lid for 2 minutes and turn off the flame. Red Cherry tomato paste is ready, set aside.
5.	Cut thin pcs of Red Cabbage and Yellow bell pepper.
6.	Sauté Frozen American Corn in Non-Stick Pan.
7.	Cut 1 Mission Wrap into 4 pcs
8.	Now in a Non-Stick Pan, add 1 tbsp of Olive Oil, 1 tbsp of turmeric powder and heat it on low flame. Now add pcs of mission wrap and sauté it until it turns to yellow colour.
9.	Now take 1 cut small pcs of mission wrap put 1 cheese slice then add cherry tomato paste, few pcs of American corn, 2 -3 slice of red cabbage, 2-3 slice of yellow bell pepper, 5-6 small pcs of cottage cheese, 1 Olive and cover it with another 1 small cut pcs of mission wrap. Put this Quesadilla on Non-Stick Pan and warm it for 30 secs.
10.	Queso Indio Quesadilla is ready to serve with Cherry Tomatoes and Avocado Sauce.

#perfecttogethermissionfoodssg #missionwrap #missionwraps #cookingcontest #missionfoods #recipescontest #healthyfood #missionfoodssg #circuitbreakersg #loveforfood
