KINDER LEARNING BOX ­Ъљ╗
First Step Box - Theme IV: Under the Sea
(For 6-15 month olds)

We are back with our 4th box for the little ones! Back with another 45 minutes of structured sensorial activity for your tot! Specially planned and curated by Teacher Gen from De Kinder ClubРђЎs ever popular multi-sensory and messy play KinderTOTs class, this learning box includes a recommended activity plan that spans 45 minutes. All materials and resources are provided for in this box, so it will be hassle-free, and mess free for you and your home! РађРађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађ
Theme of this box is *Under the Sea* ­ЪљА­Ъља­Ъљг­Ъљ│­ЪљЎРађРађРађ Рађ

Take a dive into the waters to explore the deep blue sea! Together with your little ones, we learn about the ocean animals starting with storytelling of the ever-popular РђюBig Shark, Little SharkРђЮ book (with a built-in sensory bag included!). We further experience the ocean through different tactile sensory activities (dig into a blue jello ocean!), learning new words, making your own dancing octopus puppet, feed the shark using a specially created Рђюshark fish catcherРђЮ (the fish sticks!), paint a bumpy octopus in a creative way, and more! ­ЪцЕ

Expose your fast developing child to new vocabulary words, sensory activities that will boost his/her cognitive development, coordination, strengthening their fine/gross motor skills and more! Items used are taste-safe and proven safe for the littlest ones! We will guide you step-by-step through this box Рюе
РађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ
ONLY $50 FOR THIS BOX
**Inclusive of all materials needed AND the hardcover storybook (BIG Shark, Little Shark)!РађРађРађРађРађ
РађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ
Door-step delivery: $5
No self-collection available during this circuit breaker period. РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ РађРађРађРађРађРађРађРађ
Purchase can be done via the link in our bio!
