T R E A T
Not too long ago, we had a surprise birthday celebration for my brother-in-law T.A. at @kinkibar. It was a memorable night for us all, so when Betty contacted me about sending lunch from #KinkiBar’s NEW Takeaway Menu, I didn’t hesitate to accept.
It goes without saying part of the attraction of dining at Kinki is the view it affords and the awesome service from the team. However, both of those will have to wait. Only the Japanese menu by Head Chef Terence (@chef_with_the_tuna_tattoo) can be enjoyed at this time. On the whole, I thought the food was pretty good, with a few items I deem as standouts either for its taste or #valueformoney.
The most delicious thing from that meal for me, was the Wagyu Garlic #Teppanyaki Set ($55). As the #Wagyu striploin was pan-seared in garlic butter soy and finished with small chunks of sautéed garlic, it was really fragrant as well as being velvety-soft in the mouth.
The other set I was impressed by was the #KurobutaPork #Katsu Curry. Like the rest of the set meals, it was served with Japanese rice, miso soup and a salad, but even then, managed to surprise because portion size was unexpectedly generous for $26. There were six large pieces of breaded and fried minced Black Pig’s pork belly cutlets - each extremely crunchy on the outside and moist within. They paired appetisingly with the housemade apple curry sauce.
My mum-in-law liked her Chicken Teriyaki Set ($26) that featured a juicy piece of thigh meat, proclaiming it: “好吃” (good to eat). It’s hard to go wrong with this crowd-pleaser, to be honest.
If you don’t split hairs and start comparing it to the #unagi specialist restaurants, Kinki’s Unagi Donburi ($34) is actually decent enough to satisfy a craving. The housemade soy sauce coating the Japanese freshwater eel, was sweet and sticky after it caramelised on the grill. 
Obviously, getting a few extra dishes to share was necessary. My preferred of these was the Ginzayaki Spider - a rice roll constructed with crispy-fried soft shell crab, cucumber, sesame, chives, tobiko, and a housemade crab sauce with soy reduction ($25). Continued in Comments below...
